[Music]
hi it's agatha welcome or welcome back
to my channel and for today's
video it's going to be fun cause i am
going to follow or to do a look inspired
by a celebrity so here we're going to
tung series
before i did yonkai gigi hadid and
today or now in this video
before we get started please make sure
to like this video and subscribe to my
channel as well
so if you're interested then keep on
watching
okay let's start by applying primer and
of course i'm going to use
this one from dawson korea and this is
their skin care primer so brandon yeah
moisturizer moisturizing
chat and not a primary face at the same
time
tapos since foundation
i will head straight so concealer
[Music]
let
okay so i'm done with my base
then i i actually bought a new
loose powder and this is from doctor
sensitive
and so far younger than your translucent
sha
[Music]
anyway i'm done and then
we're going to proceed with contour
i'm going to use from a tongue
vice go example it's in the face
[Music]
um
[Applause]
or eyebrow liner this is from detail
cosmetics
strokes
no effect as you can see
and then i'm just brushing it because
i'm more than the
eye look itself yunki lai talagayong
star of the show
story of the show
anyway just brushing it off and as you
can see
bushy brows yarn
when it comes to makeup anyway so we're
going to proceed
so i look and i'm just going to
put a tiny bit amount
of concealer by allowing my set
at my even
[Music]
caroline and also you beauty glaze the
color board
but more often sakura line i'm going to
start
with orange since orange young
orange and purple combination
and then i'm going to get
and use this shade let's go
let's see it was at this moment that he
knew
he up oh my god
let's just accept
and then i'm going to blend it with a
fluffy brush
so i'm going to use the beauty glaze
colorboard palette
and i am going to use
this
[Music]
makeup nothing kissing
then we're just going to blend it using
a fluffy brush
in the shade
so from the caroline shadow palette i'm
going to use the purple
and then because pigmented
coated more to blend it and then
again
you know indeed i don't know
um caroline so i am going to use
jung is a collarboard na
shade which is this one
lighter
[Music]
one's super light purple
there you go then i'm just going to
blend it
it reminds me of a candy you know very
nico alum go on
oh my god it looks pretty good that was
that was not meant to be serious and if
i said those things that is i feel
horrible for that and i regret that i
will need a little more blending but
[Music]
let's add a little bit of
um this color
darkness
[Music]
eyeliner and then concealer
effect yeah but i like it it's like
cotton candy
sunset sunset and sunset
anyway let's move on or something
sorry
and then i'm just gonna put your purple
ditto
anyway i enterprise now then i'm going
to add
eyeliner long
[Music]
and gagamite on squadlet mini palette
from squad cosmetics in serene
i'm going to use young glitter shade
i'm just going to put it
i'm just going to put it here
i'm just going to add bronzers
[Music]
i'm just going to use the blush duo from
vice cosmetics
xbt-21 for my blush
i'm going to add draping effect because
for young 90s the new vibes
and i also saw one of her um
makeup looks dancer and vina by young
marion draping effect so
yeah goodbye and it's bad guys
love it so i removed my lip balm and i'm
going to add
powder powder in the shade rhizoctin
look
but i am going to add um
a pop of color but i'm counting this is
from squad cosmetics
in the shade bubbly
that's the inner long
oh okay i'm just going to
um spray some setting spray this is the
beauty missed by outputs from lux
organics
to add glue let it dry
then i will be right back so this is the
final
so look concludes our video for today
like and subscribe to my channel if you
want to see more of me
and if you do have some suggestions
leave them down
below i'll see you on my next one
[Music]